hey guys ninja picker back this is a
quick tutorial on yugioh cards and if
you're under the age of 30 you probably
had these as a kid those of us older
folks 30s and 40s and older who are
Pickers don't know really much about
these cards because we did things like
played sports and had girlfriends but he
sir so go back to your video games kids
and just ignore me and don't give me a
lot of hate just kidding just kidding
love you guys the first thing you want
to know is how to spot a fake and my
knowledge on this is limited but I'll do
my best down in the bottom right-hand
corner of a real card you're going to
see a little shiny thing and the back
has a nice color to it on the fakes this
is going to be faded and you're not
going to see this little shiny thing
there okay the basic kind of cards this
is a non hologram or holographic card
it's got nice color it's just not shiny
if you hold it up to the light it
doesn't like have a shiny glow to it
okay there's a basic car okay Commons
might be a better term for him this is a
Japanese card and as Japanese writing
you can't read it unless you're Japanese
and another thing you'll notice is down
at the bottom of all the cards they're
going to have the date 1996 I understand
it's a good date now how to tell
valuable cards from not valuable cards
it's a little tricky okay basically
these are what i have here in this pile
these are the more valuable cards
according to my 14 year old son who
doesn't really play sports much ok these
are you can see the colors are vibrant
on this and you can see like a hologram
look there it's like a pretty cool
looking i'm sure you can see that ok
ones with dragons on them that's good ok
these stars these are good me see a lot
of stars that's good ok now just just
because they're not shiny doesn't make
them not diable
right here these are called like the
foot of god cards anything that has a
body part right arm left arm that's a
left on that's the left arm left foot
these are Exedore I think it's called
and there's a right arm these cards
right here these are these are kind of
valuable these are the ones if everybody
wants so if you see any body parts like
that and they're Holograms even if
they're not Holograms I think most of
them are Holograms you should you should
hang on to them there's also Japanese
hologram cards which you'll plainly be
able to tell but bottom line expect to
see some fakes it's not a big deal
you're not going to get arrested I just
toss them in the trash and I look out
for the Dragons the shiny cards you can
make some decent money off these cards
whether a partner matter the sell
individually or selling them as a group
so thanks everybody for watching and I
hope you have good luck picking did you
pick her out